
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" /><meta name="generator" content="Docutils 0.17.1: http://docutils.sourceforge.net/" />

    <title>pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 24 october 2019 &#8212; pyOpenSci Governance</title>
    
  <!-- Loaded before other Sphinx assets -->
  <link href="../../../_static/styles/theme.css?digest=1999514e3f237ded88cf" rel="stylesheet">
<link href="../../../_static/styles/pydata-sphinx-theme.css?digest=1999514e3f237ded88cf" rel="stylesheet">

    
  <link rel="stylesheet"
    href="../../../_static/vendor/fontawesome/5.13.0/css/all.min.css">
  <link rel="preload" as="font" type="font/woff2" crossorigin
    href="../../../_static/vendor/fontawesome/5.13.0/webfonts/fa-solid-900.woff2">
  <link rel="preload" as="font" type="font/woff2" crossorigin
    href="../../../_static/vendor/fontawesome/5.13.0/webfonts/fa-brands-400.woff2">

    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../_static/pygments.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../_static/styles/sphinx-book-theme.css?digest=5115cc725059bd94278eecd172e13a965bf8f5a9" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../_static/mystnb.4510f1fc1dee50b3e5859aac5469c37c29e427902b24a333a5f9fcb2f0b3ac41.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../_static/copybutton.css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../../_static/design-style.4045f2051d55cab465a707391d5b2007.min.css" />
    
  <!-- Pre-loaded scripts that we'll load fully later -->
  <link rel="preload" as="script" href="../../../_static/scripts/pydata-sphinx-theme.js?digest=1999514e3f237ded88cf">

    <script data-url_root="../../../" id="documentation_options" src="../../../_static/documentation_options.js"></script>
    <script src="../../../_static/jquery.js"></script>
    <script src="../../../_static/underscore.js"></script>
    <script src="../../../_static/doctools.js"></script>
    <script src="../../../_static/clipboard.min.js"></script>
    <script src="../../../_static/copybutton.js"></script>
    <script src="../../../_static/scripts/sphinx-book-theme.js?digest=9c920249402e914e316237a7dbc6769907cce411"></script>
    <script src="../../../_static/design-tabs.js"></script>
    <link rel="index" title="Index" href="../../../genindex.html" />
    <link rel="search" title="Search" href="../../../search.html" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1" />
    <meta name="docsearch:language" content="None">
    

    <!-- Google Analytics -->
    
<script async="" src="https://www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js"></script>
<script>
                        window.ga = window.ga || function () {
                            (ga.q = ga.q || []).push(arguments) };
                        ga.l = +new Date;
                        ga('create', 'UA-141260825-1', 'auto');
                        ga('set', 'anonymizeIp', true);
                        ga('send', 'pageview');
                    </script>

  </head>
  <body data-spy="scroll" data-target="#bd-toc-nav" data-offset="60">
<!-- Checkboxes to toggle the left sidebar -->
<input type="checkbox" class="sidebar-toggle" name="__navigation" id="__navigation" aria-label="Toggle navigation sidebar">
<label class="overlay overlay-navbar" for="__navigation">
    <div class="visually-hidden">Toggle navigation sidebar</div>
</label>
<!-- Checkboxes to toggle the in-page toc -->
<input type="checkbox" class="sidebar-toggle" name="__page-toc" id="__page-toc" aria-label="Toggle in-page Table of Contents">
<label class="overlay overlay-pagetoc" for="__page-toc">
    <div class="visually-hidden">Toggle in-page Table of Contents</div>
</label>
<!-- Headers at the top -->
<div class="announcement header-item noprint">ðŸš§ UNDER CONSTRUCTION: this guide is under heavy construction right now. ðŸš§</div>
<div class="header header-item noprint"></div>

    
    <div class="container-fluid" id="banner"></div>

    

    <div class="container-xl">
      <div class="row">
          
<!-- Sidebar -->
<div class="bd-sidebar noprint" id="site-navigation">
    <div class="bd-sidebar__content">
        <div class="bd-sidebar__top"><div class="navbar-brand-box">
    <a class="navbar-brand text-wrap" href="../../../index.html">
      
        <!-- `logo` is deprecated in Sphinx 4.0, so remove this when we stop supporting 3 -->
        
      
      
      <img src="../../../_static/logo.png" class="logo" alt="logo">
      
      
      <h1 class="site-logo" id="site-title">pyOpenSci Governance</h1>
      
    </a>
</div><form class="bd-search d-flex align-items-center" action="../../../search.html" method="get">
  <i class="icon fas fa-search"></i>
  <input type="search" class="form-control" name="q" id="search-input" placeholder="Search the docs ..." aria-label="Search the docs ..." autocomplete="off" >
</form><nav class="bd-links" id="bd-docs-nav" aria-label="Main">
    <div class="bd-toc-item active">
        <p aria-level="2" class="caption" role="heading">
 <span class="caption-text">
  Organization Structure
 </span>
</p>
<ul class="nav bd-sidenav">
 <li class="toctree-l1">
  <a class="reference internal" href="../../../organization/index.html">
   Organization intro
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toctree-l1">
  <a class="reference internal" href="../../../organization/mission-values.html">
   Mission and values
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toctree-l1">
  <a class="reference internal" href="../../../organization/structure.html">
   Structure and leadership
  </a>
 </li>
</ul>
<p aria-level="2" class="caption" role="heading">
 <span class="caption-text">
  Reference information
 </span>
</p>
<ul class="nav bd-sidenav">
 <li class="toctree-l1 has-children">
  <a class="reference internal" href="../../index.html">
   Meeting Notes Archive
  </a>
  <input class="toctree-checkbox" id="toctree-checkbox-1" name="toctree-checkbox-1" type="checkbox"/>
  <label for="toctree-checkbox-1">
   <i class="fas fa-chevron-down">
   </i>
  </label>
  <ul>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="../2021/2021-05-17-software-review-scipy-notes.html">
     Meeting Notes 17 May 2021
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="../2020/2020-02-28-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 28 Feb 2020
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="../2020/2020-04-09-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 9 April 2020
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-01-31-notes.html">
     PyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 31 Jan 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-03-06-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 6 March 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-03-14-joss-discussion-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci meeting notes: 3-14-2019 JOSS / pyopensci Collaboration
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-04-04-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 4 April 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-04-18-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 18 April 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-05-09-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 9 May 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-05-30-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 30 May 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-06-20-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 20 June 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-08-01-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 1 August 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-08-22-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 22 August 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-09-20-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 20 September
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="2019-10-03-notes.html">
     pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 3 October 2019
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="../2018/2018-10-09-notes.html">
     10 October 2018: JOSS / pyopensci Collaboration
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="../2018/2018-10-26-notes.html">
     Meeting Notes - 26 Oct 2018
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="../2018/2018-11-16-notes.html">
     Meeting Notes - 16 Nov 2018
    </a>
   </li>
   <li class="toctree-l2">
    <a class="reference internal" href="../2018/2018-12-07-notes.html">
     Meeting Notes - 7 Dec 2018
    </a>
   </li>
  </ul>
 </li>
</ul>

    </div>
</nav></div>
        <div class="bd-sidebar__bottom">
             <!-- To handle the deprecated key -->
            
            <div class="navbar_extra_footer">
            Theme by the <a href="https://ebp.jupyterbook.org">Executable Book Project</a>
            </div>
            
        </div>
    </div>
    <div id="rtd-footer-container"></div>
</div>


          


          
<!-- A tiny helper pixel to detect if we've scrolled -->
<div class="sbt-scroll-pixel-helper"></div>
<!-- Main content -->
<div class="col py-0 content-container">
    
    <div class="header-article row sticky-top noprint">
        



<div class="col py-1 d-flex header-article-main">
    <div class="header-article__left">
        
        <label for="__navigation"
  class="headerbtn"
  data-toggle="tooltip"
data-placement="right"
title="Toggle navigation"
>
  

<span class="headerbtn__icon-container">
  <i class="fas fa-bars"></i>
  </span>

</label>

        
    </div>
    <div class="header-article__right">
<button onclick="toggleFullScreen()"
  class="headerbtn"
  data-toggle="tooltip"
data-placement="bottom"
title="Fullscreen mode"
>
  

<span class="headerbtn__icon-container">
  <i class="fas fa-expand"></i>
  </span>

</button>
<a href="https://github.com/pyopensci/governance"
   class="headerbtn"
   data-toggle="tooltip"
data-placement="bottom"
title="Source repository"
>
  

<span class="headerbtn__icon-container">
  <i class="fab fa-github"></i>
  </span>

</a>

<div class="menu-dropdown menu-dropdown-download-buttons">
  <button class="headerbtn menu-dropdown__trigger"
      aria-label="Download this page">
      <i class="fas fa-download"></i>
  </button>
  <div class="menu-dropdown__content">
    <ul>
      <li>
        <a href="../../../_sources/reference/meeting-notes/2019/2019-10-24-notes.md.txt"
   class="headerbtn"
   data-toggle="tooltip"
data-placement="left"
title="Download source file"
>
  

<span class="headerbtn__icon-container">
  <i class="fas fa-file"></i>
  </span>
<span class="headerbtn__text-container">.md</span>
</a>

      </li>
      
      <li>
        
<button onclick="printPdf(this)"
  class="headerbtn"
  data-toggle="tooltip"
data-placement="left"
title="Print to PDF"
>
  

<span class="headerbtn__icon-container">
  <i class="fas fa-file-pdf"></i>
  </span>
<span class="headerbtn__text-container">.pdf</span>
</button>

      </li>
      
    </ul>
  </div>
</div>
<label for="__page-toc"
  class="headerbtn headerbtn-page-toc"
  
>
  

<span class="headerbtn__icon-container">
  <i class="fas fa-list"></i>
  </span>

</label>

    </div>
</div>

<!-- Table of contents -->
<div class="col-md-3 bd-toc show noprint">
    <div class="tocsection onthispage pt-5 pb-3">
        <i class="fas fa-list"></i> Contents
    </div>
    <nav id="bd-toc-nav" aria-label="Page">
        <ul class="visible nav section-nav flex-column">
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#attendees">
   Attendees
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#agenda">
   Agenda
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#badges-do-we-want-a-review-with-a-version-stamp-on-it">
   Badges â€“ do we want a review with a version stamp on it
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#notes-for-existing-maintainers">
   Notes for Existing Maintainers
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#community-feedback">
   Community feedback
  </a>
 </li>
</ul>

    </nav>
</div>
    </div>
    <div class="article row">
        <div class="col pl-md-3 pl-lg-5 content-container">
            <!-- Table of contents that is only displayed when printing the page -->
            <div id="jb-print-docs-body" class="onlyprint">
                <h1>pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 24 october 2019</h1>
                <!-- Table of contents -->
                <div id="print-main-content">
                    <div id="jb-print-toc">
                        
                        <div>
                            <h2> Contents </h2>
                        </div>
                        <nav aria-label="Page">
                            <ul class="visible nav section-nav flex-column">
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#attendees">
   Attendees
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#agenda">
   Agenda
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#badges-do-we-want-a-review-with-a-version-stamp-on-it">
   Badges â€“ do we want a review with a version stamp on it
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#notes-for-existing-maintainers">
   Notes for Existing Maintainers
  </a>
 </li>
 <li class="toc-h2 nav-item toc-entry">
  <a class="reference internal nav-link" href="#community-feedback">
   Community feedback
  </a>
 </li>
</ul>

                        </nav>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
            <main id="main-content" role="main">
                
              <div>
                
  <section id="pyopensci-meeting-notes-24-october-2019">
<h1>pyOpenSci Meeting Notes - 24 october 2019<a class="headerlink" href="#pyopensci-meeting-notes-24-october-2019" title="Permalink to this headline">#</a></h1>
<section id="attendees">
<h2>Attendees<a class="headerlink" href="#attendees" title="Permalink to this headline">#</a></h2>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>Leah Wasser - Earth Lab University of Colorado, Boulder</p></li>
<li><p>Jenny Palomino - Earth Lab University of Colorado, Boulder</p></li>
<li><p>Luiz Irber - DIB Lab, UC Davis</p></li>
<li><p>Max Joseph - Earth Lab, CU Boulder</p></li>
<li><p>Sasha â€¦</p></li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="agenda">
<h2>Agenda<a class="headerlink" href="#agenda" title="Permalink to this headline">#</a></h2>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>Review checkin:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Pandera is APPROVED / accepted!!</p>
<ul>
<li><p>blog TBD</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>earthpy â€“ under review??</p></li>
<li><p>Next package to review?? â€“ martin has 2 others as presubmissions. we could begin reviewing</p></li>
<li><p>ping twitter â€“ for more submissions??</p></li>
<li><p>Max would be happy to work on <code class="docutils literal notranslate"><span class="pre">rmdawn</span></code> (editor)</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Next steps (Max):</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Contact Martin to get a submission PR open</p></li>
<li><p>Find reviewers (ping rOpenSci slack channel)</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Add your name to the website as a contributor please:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Do this now if you are game??!! https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io/blob/master/_data/contributors.yml</p></li>
<li><p>It will be posted here once merged: https://www.pyopensci.org/contributors/</p></li>
<li><p>please update this file with your info: https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io/blob/master/_data/contributors.yml</p></li>
<li><p>Pull request from chris: https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io/pull/24</p></li>
<li><p>JOSS LANGUAGE HERE: https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io/pull/24/files#diff-2143091391115ad4c04dc0658967bad4R65</p>
<ul>
<li><p>pyopensci is trying to improve the ecosystem of python packagesâ€¦</p></li>
<li><p>max left some comments about what packages might be considered for JOSSâ€¦</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Repo metadata specs discussion (Chris?): https://pyopensci.discourse.group/t/finding-a-specification-for-repository-metadata/119</p></li>
<li><p>Codemetapy â€“ tool to create the json codemeta fileâ€¦</p>
<ul>
<li><p>we can give people some guidelines to ensure that hte correct metadata are in the setup.py or codemeta.json file</p></li>
<li><p>this migh tbe ideal with pre-commit hooks to update that JSON file which luiz mentioned might be an issue</p></li>
<li><p>This might be an opportunity to contribute back to the codemetapy package.</p></li>
<li><p>Next steps</p>
<ul>
<li><p>come up with the metadata fiels that we want for python packages</p></li>
<li><p>codemeta.json â€“ do we require this or is it optional ?? rOpenSci recommends using a codemeta.json file.</p></li>
<li><p>Can we provide instructions for setting up a pre-commit hook for users who want to ensure their json is always up to date.</p></li>
<li><p>ropensci makes codemeta a recommendation not a requirement..</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="badges-do-we-want-a-review-with-a-version-stamp-on-it">
<h2>Badges â€“ do we want a review with a version stamp on it<a class="headerlink" href="#badges-do-we-want-a-review-with-a-version-stamp-on-it" title="Permalink to this headline">#</a></h2>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>for records â€“ we should specify the version of the package that was review.</p></li>
<li><p>the package badge should have the version that was reviewedâ€¦</p></li>
<li><p>how do we deal with the dynamic nature of software dev?</p></li>
<li><p>where should we document the package version that was reviewed.</p></li>
<li><p>we could have reviews have an expiration date? good business model except we are charging ourselves.</p></li>
<li><p>optional:: people can resubmit as an option â€“</p></li>
<li><p>what is people who submit and have packages approved â€“ they agree to check in on packages that were already reviewed to see if updates were made.</p></li>
</ul>
<p>IDEA: add the version that was reviewed to this file??
https://github.com/pyOpenSci/pyopensci.github.io/blob/master/_data/packages.yml</p>
<p>*** letâ€™s add this as a discourse topic â€¦</p>
<p>Another stream of consciousness thought: Crev is a software review system that Iâ€™ve seen used in the Rust ecossystem. Seems like it could be path forward for â€˜permanent reviewâ€™ that accounts for new versions?
More info: https://wiki.alopex.li/ActuallyUsingCrev</p>
</section>
<section id="notes-for-existing-maintainers">
<h2>Notes for Existing Maintainers<a class="headerlink" href="#notes-for-existing-maintainers" title="Permalink to this headline">#</a></h2>
<div class="highlight-none notranslate"><div class="highlight"><pre><span></span>    * if we have changes -- the expectations should be that even approved packages should accomodate these updates. 
        * should we have an area on the discourse site for maintainers?? we need a way to communicate with maintainers over time! 
        * let&#39;s look into this
</pre></div>
</div>
<p>From Chris:
For the metadata conversation, I think the main question to ask is: do we want to define a minimal amount of metadata that repositories need to have? I donâ€™t see anything like this in the rOpenSci packaging guide. We could also try piggy-backing off of fields in the DESCRIPTION file specification. I think most of those files probably already exist in Pythonâ€™s <code class="docutils literal notranslate"><span class="pre">setup.py</span></code> spec, so I think in the short-term we should just tell authors to use that (maybe we also allow pyproject.toml etc, but treat it as an advanced use-case that we donâ€™t provide documentation about).</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>Pyopensci Blog (Ivan)</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Initial thoughts: https://hackmd.io/RX2nz6WFSm-RjHyOIsmTnA</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Website update: FAQ that explains who we are vs joss</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Other ideas to community who we are as there is some confusion on twitter</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>PyOpenSci Google Calendar (Ivan)?</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Maybe would be good to have a public calendar</p></li>
<li></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>PyOpenSci introduction slides?</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Is there already any slides that has some introduction about PyOpenSci? It would help us to spread the word in conferences, communities meeting or internally in our jobs.</p></li>
<li><p>NEXT MEETING!!!</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="community-feedback">
<h2>Community feedback<a class="headerlink" href="#community-feedback" title="Permalink to this headline">#</a></h2>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>Not enough activity / things going onâ€¦ seems quiet</p></li>
<li><p>We could write content on the blog â€“ about what we are doing!!</p>
<ul>
<li><p>we could get reviewers and editors to contribute too</p></li>
<li><p>Sasha â€“ something more numericalâ€¦ numpy pandas, etc!! physics background.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</section>
</section>


              </div>
              
            </main>
            <footer class="footer-article noprint">
                
    <!-- Previous / next buttons -->
<div class='prev-next-area'>
</div>
            </footer>
        </div>
    </div>
    <div class="footer-content row">
        <footer class="col footer"><p>
  
    By Leah Wasser<br/>
  
      &copy; Copyright 2022, pyOpenSci.<br/>
</p>
        </footer>
    </div>
    
</div>


      </div>
    </div>
  
  <!-- Scripts loaded after <body> so the DOM is not blocked -->
  <script src="../../../_static/scripts/pydata-sphinx-theme.js?digest=1999514e3f237ded88cf"></script>


  </body>
</html>