# Meeting Notes - 7 Dec 2018

https://hackmd.io/421E2mvqRWy9yHzFGXnueA

Attendees
=========

* Leah Wasser
* Max Joseph
* Jenny Palomino
* Kylen Solvik


Agenda Items
============

* pyopensci repo
* 1-pager - Moore funding
* chat with Tracy Teal (Carpentries)
* Meet our new GRA!! Kylen!

## pyopensci repo
* will meet with Stefan (current owner) next week or the week after??

## Notes from conversation with Tracy
* Write a good 1 pager
* Don't worry to much about governance for the 1 pager but do include initial staffing needs
    * Community person
    * Developer
    * Leadership time (% salary)
    * rOpenSci is run through UC Berkeley for these positions
        * good to find out details (e.g. does UCB receive overhead funds? ask for an example budget?)
* Our one pager can be pitched to Moore Foundation
* Possibility of more opensci communities (e.g. *opensci or xopensci)
    * we can think about this as we design our process (e.g. guidelines for review and inclusion), so that working together in the future would be easier
* One pager: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OETzG9OASXIH3WdxyUUl_IDa4Ozfabj6T0HDDSqmkv4/edit
* Leah to ask Tracy what should be prioritized on the 1 pager

## Concept Ideas for 1 pager
* difference fom rOpenSci:
    * capacity building for training scientists on:
        * how to contribute to open source
        * partnership with Carpentries by providing content and leveraging their training capabilities
* have a developer that helps with improving/building packages as needed
* focus on expanding package ownership and community around packages, rather than on building tools
* provide concrete examples of how we intend to build community and what the community can accomplish